# Part A - personal contribution
#### Contribution and successes
My role was the lead developer in the creation of our web app, and I got to apply a number of the skills I've been taught in classes and practice. I organized user data in a manner that can be easily stored, building on my intro classes to database design and use. Building on projects and concepts I learned in programming languages and software engineering classes, I was able to build and maintain a professional work with a clear structure in the code. I reinforced my workplace-learned javascript React.js skills in my extensive front-end development role. I succeeded (I believe) in creating an application interface with the functionality our advisor and client desired, a product of months of consideration, work, and revisions leading to a functional structure of code making up a project.

#### Obstacles
Being a lone main/lead developer in a team of two means grappling with a lot of stress when the project isn't on schedule or the way forward isn't immediately clear. At many times I've struggled with implementation of a necessary function or been left stumped at some point of the design, and feeling stressed that with only my personal ability to troubleshoot and look up advice on the internet to rely on, the project lived or died by whether I would be able to surpass this confusion and find the way to code something that worked right. In addition, I got the greatest personal experience on what it feels like to be caught directly in the middle of Hofstadter's Law. As the weight of the workload of all the other classes I took these past few semesters closed in on me week after week, I realized very viscerally just how much work could realistically be accomplished. Ambitions were scaled down heavily, stretch goal features were pruned away, and focus quickly shifted to demonstrating functionality on only the core feature set originally sought as a minimum viable product. I suppose I've learned from this endeavor that if I ever want to pursue freelance development work I have much improvement to do before my ability to estimate costs and workload are up to par with the professional world.

# Part B - group assessment
#### What did our group accomplish?
As mentioned above where I mention my role in it, I believe my group accomplished in demonstrating our software skills, gathering requirements from our advisor and building an application that demonstrates that functionality. I learned more about how much of an asset constant clear communication between group members is, especially when in different roles in the project. The split roles that my partner and I took on to attack this project were a success of teamwork, I believe. We both played to our strengths, myself leading development and Rohan being more of a project manager and handling issues such as advisor communication and presentation matters. This setup let us show our best work on the aspects of the project we would do best with.

My partner Rohan acting as project manager and being a communicator between parties was an immense help. As mentioned earlier, I felt overwhelmed at times with my duties as the lead developer, and Rohan seeing to the external responsibilities of the project let me keep my focus and power through the obstacles I was facing. I knew he had those tasks covered, and his competence with that role let me code with a certain level of peace of mind that all I had to do was keep programming to the best of my ability. I think if there's anything that could be considered a failure of our group, it's simply having too small of a group. While I believe Rohan and I handled our responsibilities as best as we could have, I suspect our tasks may have benefited from an additional team member to split duties with. Keeping in mind the humorous saying among developers "what one coder can do in a month, two can do in two months," I still believe there was room for additional contributors, and it may have led to less overall stress and increased work finished by the end if we were able to find a third teammate. I felt at times as if I were going through a period of crunch at a development studio, speaking to our failures in managing a hefty workload and how much another pair of hands could've helped us.
